---
layout: post_list
category: list
date: 2011-12-19T15:24:00
title: "Top 40 Songs of 2011"
tags: [music, top-of-2011, music]
---

You can [purchase this playlist on iTunes](http://c.itunes.apple.com/ca/imix/top-40-songs-of-2011/id490710512) or [stream it on Rdio](http://www.rdio.com/people/mylesb/playlists/438355/2011-12-19_Top_40_Songs_of_2011/).

1.  The Answer Was You / **Sloan**
2.  Welcome / **Hey Rosetta!**
3.  Shoot Out Sparks / **The Swallows**
4.  It / **Rich Aucoin**
5.  Heaven's Just for Moviemakers / **Graham Wright**
6.  Colours / **Grouplove**
7.  Blue Eyes / **Destroyer**
8.  To Carry Many Small Things / **Mina Tindle**
9.  Let's Win! / **Alexander**
10.  The Stand / **Mother Mother**
11.  Soviet Race / **Graham Wright**
12.  If Raymond Carver Were Born In the '90s / **Library Voices**
13.  Jimmie's Still Jimmie / **Joel Plaskett**
14.  Reaction / **Acres Of Lions**
15.  Your Daddy Will Do / **Sloan**
16.  Rolling In the Deep / **Adele**
17.  Video Games / **Lana Del Rey**
18.  Mission Bells / **Armistice**
19.  The Golden Age / **The Asteroids Galaxy Tour**
20.  Nostalgia / **The Burning Hell**
21.  Chapel Song / **We Are Augustines**
22.  Adieu / **Cur de pirate**
23.  The Cowboys' Christmas Ball / **The Killers**
24.  Green Thumb / **Sunparlour Players**
25.  Bad Ritual / **Timber Timbre**
26.  What a Little Moonlight Can Do / **Boy and Bean**
27.  Comeback Kid (That's My Dog) / **Brett Dennen**
28.  The Prime Minister's Daughter / **Library Voices**
29.  Post-War Blues / **Dan Mangan**
30.  Cruel Thing to Do / **Peter Elkas**
31.  Pop Goes the World (Men Without Hats) / **The Burning Hell**
32.  Owen Sound / **Elliott BROOD**
33.  She's Thunderstorms / **Arctic Monkeys**
34.  Book Club / **Arkells**
35.  Paradise / **Coldplay**
36.  Queen of Hearts / **Fucked Up**
37.  Who Are You? / **Kathryn Calder**
38.  Healthy Hands (Will Mourn You) / **Tasseomancy**
39.  One for You, One for Me / **Bright Eyes**
40.  Oh Fortune / **Dan Mangan**
